[Music]
for some food
are you going to be okay sir my you can
be okay I'll be reduced is it weird to
play as yourself I don't pick myself are
you don't pick you don't put yourself in
the game
Oh sometimes go to what you can sell
yourself in whenever you want okay I
won't judge you
and if Cantor is 25 years old and 6 feet
11 inches tall are you kidding me
at least you can hit threes right he
plays in the NBA when he's earned a
reputation for introducing players to
the law food starring and goofy videos
with teammates roaming and speaking out
against Turkey's president air go on
he's a terrible man
Stephanie thank you
Cantor and I ordered dinner to my
apartment extent the day fasting for
Ramadan let's see I got a large shish
kebab okay I got a chicken mixed grill
preferred and I got a large vegetable
platter with I'm gonna stuff fish for
girls get their ability to Kenter is a
longtime follower of guellen--
a 76 year old preacher and outspoken
critic of turkey's president for the
past few decades Gulen has lived in
exile in rural Pennsylvania but that
hasn't stopped everyone from labeling
him and his followers terrorists
everyone is using his poverty these
people and that's what's really making
me no drama crazy
he doesn't do nothing wrong he's always
right he's always perfect if you don't
believe in that then he wants you to be
out of the country or he will put you in
jail like if you've been talking about
it Cantor's one of turkey's most famous
athletes so his political views which
she often shares on social media have
enormous reach and his opinions haven't
gone unnoticed by aired Juan's regime to
call it
last month the Turkish government
abruptly cancelled Cantor's passport
leading to confusing few hours in
Bucharest Romania where he was stranded
at the airport
Oh cheap people guys will just pray for
us eventually he was allowed to fly to
New York we're heading to the polls we
are allowing robots to monitor that but
a few days later Turkish media reported
that Turkey had issued a warrant for
Cantor's arrest accusing him of being a
member of a terror group what do you
think would have happened if you're sent
back all the jails and probably the
second day you'll be here from the news
and all we just got poison and they just
said he got food poison little he was
depression
hanged himself I don't know I'm just
giving examples because when I talk he
goes every shade two weeks after Turkey
canceled Cantor's travel documents it
jailed his father for almost a week even
though his parents have publicly
disowned him Cantor hasn't spoken to
them in more than a year a letter
authors say with this own NS because
he's not against and or if they didn't
send that letter out then they will be
in a jail last year right when I saw
that your parents had put that statement
out my first thought was
but Ennis grew up going to a glutinous
squid yeah so I've been in second grade
I didn't understand what kind of schools
it was do you think that your father was
arrested because you were speaking out
of course it was like a kind of like a
warning from and for me though if you
don't stop talking
we'll put your dad in jail and your mom
will be next baby I'm going to stop
talking but no when they do it I want to
talk war
tell all those people like this is
what's really going on do you worry that
next time it won't just be jail I mean I
mean the worst thing will happen is just
you know the jail or just know they're
gonna torture in jail
they wanna just get raped and that's the
most terrible thing will happen I
understand my family of course important
I love my family I love my country but I
have to do this for you know the citizen
people Cantor signed a seventy million
dollar four-year contract with Oklahoma
City Thunder in 2015 his public battle
with the Turkish government could make
it harder for him to honor some of his
obligations so what happens next with
you you don't have a Turkish Passport
you have a green card here right well um
is the NBA helping you or the Bombay and
I'm going to talk to them because I mean
we're going to play again Toronto
Raptors in Canada so I'm going to be
able to leave the country if you thought
about the fact that you might never be
able to go back to Turkey bester is
going to I'm taking bets there is
competition and of course although I
said before a lot of my country Allah my
flag
I miss my as you know Turkish food but
this is way bigger than basketball this
is way bigger than NBA this is way
bigger than everything